So can you tell me what you think about the story in the experience you had in
VR the last time you came?
I saw a man boy went to a box and all the students came to the abusing room.
So the boy was a Hausa boy.
And we were told that the Hausa boy is a Boko Haram.
So the teacher came in and asked what the new student's name was.
They turned the name to Gary.
So what do you think about everything that happened?
Later in the box, in the box they told him to pick one bud.
He picked him and entered the class.
So later, they later do sports.
So they went one to one.
They told him that he cannot run, that he is a thing that he wants to run for life.
So that was it.
So why do you think they did all of these things to him?
Because they want to show us.
Like the people in the school, why do you think they were treating him like that?
Because he is a Hausa boy.
They are Boko Haram.
They used to feed a lot of people.
So what part of the story touched you the most?
I learned a lot of things.
I learned a lot of stories from him.
What part touched you the most?
Amongst all the things they did to him.
I don't like the way they treated him.
Which particular things?
Hausa.
Like which particular type of treatment?
As they abused him.
The way they abused him?
Yes.
That part touched you?
Yes.
So how do you think he felt?
If you put yourself in your reverse position, how do you feel about it?
I felt so bad.
So when you were in the experience, it felt like it was you.
Yes.
So since that time you had the experience in VR, can you tell me a story of how you have been relating with somebody from another tribe that is different from yours?
Yes.
I don't understand what you are saying.
Have you had any interaction with people from another tribe that is different from yours?
No.
So you don't talk to people that are not from another tribe?
No.
I talk to everybody.
Hausa, Yoruba, I don't have a child.
So you relate to everybody?
Yes.
So what has changed since you had that experience?
Like the things you learned, what have you been doing differently?
I learned good from the boy that they said Hausa.
So I don't hear the Hausa too much.
Because they tell them that they are Yoruba.
So you believe that they are Yoruba?
I don't believe Yoruba. I want to ask a person beside me.
You want to ask?
Another person beside me. So I have not seen the Hausa. Maybe I was attracted. Is it true that you are Yoruba?
Yes.
So when you ask, you know that you are Yoruba?
Yes.
Alright. So if you see somebody that is discriminated against or treated badly because of their tribe, what would you do?
If I see...
If you see somebody being treated badly because of their tribe, what would you do?
I will...
I will go away from them.
So you will leave the person that is discriminated against?
Because he is treated badly.
So if you find somebody that is being treated badly because of their tribe, what would you do?
I will go away from them.
You will go away from them?
Yes.
From the person that is treating them badly?
The person that is treated badly.
You will go away from the person?
Yes.
Why?
Because if you see somebody that is being treated badly because of their tribe, what would you do?
If they are treating somebody badly because of their tribe, what would you do?
Because this guy is being treated badly.
I don't understand.
If you find somebody that is being treated badly because of their tribe, what would you do?
You will feel bad.
Why would you do that?
I will advise that person that he should go away from the person that is being treated badly.
Why would you do that?
Because they are being treated badly.
I don't like the way that they are being treated badly.
