So I want to ask you questions about the experience you had the last time you came
So she's eat or hedge. So tell me your age or your class. My name is Ma Samba Grace. I mean,
it's too big. I'm 40. I'm 40. You remember that dinner when you came? Yeah. What is it called?
I can't remember the name. That's what I really do.
So do you remember the story? Yes. What do you think about the story?
I don't know. For me, the story was kind of painful and the less like what I saw was kind of
tribalizing. Yeah, profane or like other tribes for example now I'm a Congolese. I'm not in
Nigeria. When I was a primary school, that's the same story I experienced. It's whereby people
were like because of I'm not in Nigeria. So I give you more priority to Nigeria and that means
you shift to Nigeria. So they were really painful. I played, I was watching it. I really felt
the pain because I've experienced it and it's I'm tribalizing after stop not just in Nigeria
and go wild. Okay, so that story which were the most difficult part of the story was touching?
The most touching part was really like the pod water or how was that name? I really remember
I named it when they poured water on the air. Yes, I mean now when they poured it on how? That was
touching. No, it can't be compared to that's what was touching. Yes. So who were you inside
this town? I was Amina. Yeah, what made you think you're Amina? Yeah, because the pod water was
you first? Yeah, you first. Kind of. Which of that is really think you're Amina?
You know when I was like when people were chasing me and I was running away that was when I really felt
I was Amina. But the exact part I really felt I was Amina was when the other girls or from
what I tried to attract me and they poured me water that is when I really felt it.
So that means you'll be able to tell me how Amina felt? Yes. Oh, you know first she really
felt painful face thinking of maybe for on our own ideas should be like maybe because she
don't have a father in game maybe that's what they are treating like that and it was painful to
maybe because of she was not like all that girls. They were considering her low class but she's a
human like every other person. So she really felt pain because she's also a human and she has to be
accorded to respect everybody how like we cannot give in her direct space. So she really felt pain.
So since the last since we have that very reality experience, whether time is there that story came
to your mind and I was going to say no. So if you see somebody being just familiar tell it is because of
try or at least what would it be? I would different that face because I was a lot of
pastured out person. But I don't know what I mean. It's about face like I don't like seeing
all that people suffering. So in case like that I was standing over whether the face is right or
wrong. I was standing for that face. He's standing off for that face and that's a good one. What
argument will you give to tell the other people to stop you? What will you tell them? She's a human
like everybody and she has to be accorded every like every all the right you man have to like
she have that right. So even though she's kind of on the norm I don't feel maybe for example now
a stranger I'm the stranger. I don't feel all the right. I don't feel for example if we are
fighting I don't I'm not what I was satisfied. It's the opposite of satisfied because they believe
like because I'm not like them. So even though I'm the one wrong our staff for that face because I'm
a human and you have to expect me like any other tribe.
Any other thing I need to know about our experience. As I said earlier I like tribalism of
to stop. It's dad doing tribalism. I love performing all that all that people from all
that place and it's actually no point. Nice talking. Thank you. So who give you this?
I think I need to say a word.
Jabora, good luck to you.
Jabara, finish you. Give me something else. Thank you.
