Casinta.
Ma consequence?
Pr
tu
baimai.
Telakiyama..
I can't tell you the first letter, V, the sharing and it's okay, but do you remember what happened inside?
Yes sir.
What happened?
I experienced a game that was played, that the shareholders grew by group.
Tell me what happened inside.
Okay.
What do you think of what happened inside?
I experienced how students are living their life and how they treated the new students.
Like for me in the game, I asked like, is it a format that I joined my life?
So I asked her.
So students were intimidating me.
They are almost like pushing me, hitting me with the things that I don't like.
It's like, almost it's just a problem.
And in the game, we went to the field, we played ball, we were attend class,
they teach us English language in the class.
And later on, we were dismissed and the scorebox took us back.
How did all this make you format feel?
This make us feel so bad because all of them were treated so bad.
No one is accomplished or like friend.
So she failed upstairs.
So you were a format?
Yes sir.
So what made you feel like you were a format?
Because in the game, I'm the one playing the part.
Because even though the results, they saw directly to me
and they were punching me or pushing me.
Even in the scorebox.
Did you feel inside?
Yes sir.
I feel so bad outside.
I almost said I didn't feel inside.
We could have fights.
When you see, have you thought of format against that time?
No sir.
That was two months ago.
Yes sir.
So you didn't come to your mind at all?
Yes sir.
That's how you forgot what happened to you?
No, I did not forget sir.
I was like, last week the total was at you, before I came in again.
I was like happy to play another party.
Yes sir.
So, okay now seriously, in the next ten years, we'll be an adults.
We are sisters in the next ten years, you'll be twenty-six.
If you remember this thing that happened to you for a month,
what part of your life would change and how would it change?
By being good people, doing these stories, people are showing the love
not hitting them.
Because in the game, they are saying that they are even exhausted
that I'm a fool.
I'm broke.
We don't have anything.
Who told my parents to bring me here?
The school is for rich people, not for people like me.
So, I would learn not to tell people those words,
because they are so illiterate and lyrical.
So, in that story, which part does your heart move?
The part of the reading, because the English is a mystery.
She told me that I should read the complicit passage.
But when I read, both of them is watching me there.
Well, so, the Fufu can reach.
And one of them, like, advised me that they should stop reading that nonsense
and they remember me saying, if you join me,
so they will make me and him to be treated the same way.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for talking to me.
Thank you.
Okay, so, give this back to me.
Who sent you to me?
Tell her that word.
